A strange and mysterious figure who we are seeing the world through the eyes of. This video covers his entries on mages and magic.

Humans aren't innately able to use magic. Mages are people who augment their bodies in order to cast spells. These augments are [[Inputs]] and [[Outputs]]. The inputs allow mana to enter the body and be stored in the blood. The outputs are whatever the mage chooses to let out the mana in the form of spells. The most common output used are [[thimbles]]. For both the inputs and the outputs, shape and material is important, as it affects how [[mana]] travels. Inputs that are wider and more bowl shaped are better at gathering [[mana]] from the environment. Cone shaped ones benefit more from the use of [[Mana potions]]. I will get to [[Mana potions]] in a later entry. For the matieral, we have found that metal seems to be the best conductor for magic. On a scale, gold is number one on the list, but silver and copper are also used. [[Kindling]] is material used in the spellcasting process. Things like combustion magic use gunpowder. For acceleration magics, the objects to be accelerated are the kindling. This is similar to terraforming magic wherein the spell does not use [[kindling]], instead, they use the environment around them. Thusly, this is called [[Environmental Casting]]. A mage has to spend decades to master and hone magic. They do this as the driving force of magic is thought and emotion. You're intent must be clear, otherwise the spell will backfire on you.